docs/articles/README.md, before:

# 關於 Johnny

<Article-MatterJohnny />

## 簡介

嗨～歡迎您，我是Johnny，這是我的個人介紹兼紀錄學習點滴的筆記書，內容主要為個人作品展示與學習心得文章。

俗話說取之於人，需懂得報恩，從最初開始學習程式設計以來，一直都是靠著網路上的無私分享內容自學，也希望自己能把自己的所學所好分享出去給所有需要的人。

目前在 LINE Taiwan 擔任軟體工程師，主要負責前端開發，偶爾會不小心越線碰到些後端，過去特別愛 Vuejs，但小朋友才做選擇，現在我 Vuejs, Reactjs 都愛！平日興趣是窩在家做些酷酷的小專案，透過實作學習讓我獲得很多成就感 =V=，夢想是希望有一天能進步到 Vuejs 作者尤大大 1/10 強。

Be Good, be strong, be yourself, never give up.

<!-- Maju Welcome -->
<Maju-App />


## Main Work Project
另有 25 個以上 SPA 轉蛋動畫活動網頁在此省略
### LINE 發票管家 - Line Invoice

  - [Link](https://invoice.line.me/)
  - secret...
  - onlined at: 2022-10
  - still maintaining

### MBM Preregist Website

  - [Link](https://mbm.garena.tw/)
  - Nuxtjs, SSR
  - created at: 2021-05

### FairyTail Website(Offline)

  - [Link](https://ftm.garena.tw/)
  - Nuxtjs, SSR
  - created at: 2020-10

### Toplink Website

  - [Link](https://www.top-link.com.tw/)
  - Vue-Cli
  - created at: 2018-12


## Private Project
詳細專案圖文介紹請[前往這邊瀏覽](/book/project.html)

### Vue3 Matter Mario Bro

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/matter-mario)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/matter-mario)
  - Vue3.x, Matterjs
  - created at: 2022-01

### React Eat Snake Game - 復古小遊戲 貪吃蛇

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/eat-snake)
  - Reactjs, Typescript, Canvas
  - created at: 2023-09
  - For safety reason, only registered user can create online note

### MajuChatGame - Real-Time 2D ChatGame

  - [Link](https://majuchat.maju-web.club/)
  - Reactjs, Typescript, Socket.io
  - created at: 2023-05
  - For safety reason, only registered user can create online note

### React WebRTC Realtime Chatroom

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/meet/)
  - React18, Typescript, Socket.io, Peer.js
  - created at: 2022-06

### MajuMD - Real-Time Markdown Editor

  - [Link](https://majumd.maju-web.club/)
  - Reactjs, Typescript, Prisma, Koa.js, Socket.io
  - created at: 2023-04
  - For safety reason, only registered user can create online note

### MajuBook

  - [Link](https://majubook.maju-web.club/)
  - Nextjs, Typescript, Prisma, Koa.js
  - created at: 2022-10

### MajuPen - Plus

  - [Vue Link](https://pen.maju-web.club/plus?cacheId=default)
  - [React Link](https://pen.maju-web.club/plus?cacheId=react&template=react)
  - Nextjs, Typescript, TailwindCSS, Script Custom Module
  - created at: 2022-10

### MajuPen

  - [Link](https://pen.maju-web.club/local)
  - Reactjs, StyledComponent, @reduxjs/toolkit
  - created at: 2021-8

### Single Page Chatroom

  - [Link](https://maju-chatter.onrender.com/)
  - Nodejs, ExpressJs, Socket.io, Bootstrap4
  - created at: 2019-01
  - Public account:
    - account: public
    - password: 0000
    - fastcode: 0000


## Open Source

### jspdf-html2canvas

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jspdf-html2canvas)
  - jspdf, html2canvas
  - created at: 2019-11

### script-custom-module

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/script-custom-module)
  - esmodule for using React, Vue, Typescript compiled in browser
  - created at: 2023-04-01

### mockserver-browser-admin

  - [Link](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/mockserver-browser-admin)
  - A SPA UI tool for controlling mockserver expectations with React, TS, TailwindCSS, CodeMirror
  - created at: 2023-09-23

### maju-ui

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/maju-ui)
  - responsive UI class
  - created at: 2022-06

### remockjs

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remockjs)
  - ajax mock, mock data generator
  - created at: 2021-03

### TailwindCSS EDM Generator

  - [Link](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/edm-generator)
  - Gulp, Pug, SCSS, TailwindCSS, Juice
  - created at: 2023-01

### maju-decorators

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/maju-decorators)
  - js decorators utils
  - created at: 2022-05-11

### node-ftp-cli

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-ftp-cli)
  - nodejs, ftp
  - created at: 2021-10


## Side Project

### Web Scan Translator

  - [Link](https://nodejs-koa-proxy.onrender.com/scan-translator)
  - Tesseract.js, web stream, React.js
  - created at: 2023-10

### Browser Image Compressor

  - [Link](https://nodejs-koa-proxy.onrender.com/image-compress.html)
  - heic2any, browser-image-compression, jszip, FileSaver, Vue.js
  - created at: 2023-02

### React Matter Clock

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/matter-clock/)
  - React18, Typescript, Matter-js
  - created at: 2022-07

### React Sudoku Game

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/sudoku/)
  - React18, Typescript
  - created at: 2022-07

### React Web3 Storage

  - [Link](https://react-web3-storage.onrender.com/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/react-web3-storage.git)
  - React18, Javascript, Web3 Storage Client API
  - created at: 2022-06

### Fabric Image Composer

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/fabric-image-composer)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/FabricImageComposer.vue)
  - Vue3.x, Javascript, Fabric.js
  - created at: 2022-04

### Vue3 Pokemon Game

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/vue-pokemon-game)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/vue-pokemon-game)
  - Vue3.x, Javascript, Tiled Map Editor
  - created at: 2022-03

### Vue3 Angry Bird

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/angry-bird)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/AngryBird.vue)
  - Vue3.x, Matterjs
  - created at: 2021-11

### Vue3 Game - 2048

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/vue-2048/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/vue-2048/blob/master/src/components/Vue2048.vue)
  - Vue3.x, scss
  - created at: 2021-09

### Bounce Ball

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/bounce-ball)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/BounceBall.vue)
  - Vue3.x, P5js, Canvas
  - created at: 2021-03

### Shooting Virus

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/shoot-virus)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/ShootVirus.vue)
  - Vue3.x, P5js, Canvas
  - created at: 2021-03

### Painting Board

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/paint-board/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/paint-board/blob/master/src/components/PaintBoard.vue)
  - Vue3.x, Canvas
  - created at: 2020-10

### Crush Puzzle

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/crush-puzzle/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/crush-puzzle/blob/master/src/components/CrushPuzzle.vue)
  - Vue2.x
  - created at: 2020-08

### Slide Puzzle

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/slide-puzzle/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/vue-slide-puzzle/blob/master/src/components/SlidePuzzle.vue)
  - Vue2.x
  - created at: 2020-08

### Taiwan Stock Tool

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/rate/#/stock)
  - Vue2.x, Nodejs, ExpressJs, Bootstrap4
  - created at: 2019-01

### Taiwan Rate 匯率

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/rate/#/rate)
  - Vue2.x, Nodejs, ExpressJs, Bootstrap4
  - created at: 2019-01

### QRCode Reader

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/qrcode-reader/)
  - Vue2.x, Instascan
  - created at: 2018-12

<Article-RedPill />

Commit message:

✨ update vuepress-plugin-react to support dynamic import

docs/articles/README.md, after:

# 關於 Johnny

<Article-MatterJohnny />

## 簡介

嗨～歡迎您，我是Johnny，這是我的個人介紹兼紀錄學習點滴的筆記書，內容主要為個人作品展示與學習心得文章。

俗話說取之於人，需懂得報恩，從最初開始學習程式設計以來，一直都是靠著網路上的無私分享內容自學，也希望自己能把自己的所學所好分享出去給所有需要的人。

目前在 LINE Taiwan 擔任軟體工程師，主要負責前端開發，偶爾會不小心越線碰到些後端，過去特別愛 Vuejs，但小朋友才做選擇，現在我 Vuejs, Reactjs 都愛！平日興趣是窩在家做些酷酷的小專案，透過實作學習讓我獲得很多成就感 =V=，夢想是希望有一天能進步到 Vuejs 作者尤大大 1/10 強。

Be Good, be strong, be yourself, never give up.

<!-- Maju Welcome -->
<Maju-App />


## Main Work Project
另有 25 個以上 SPA 轉蛋動畫活動網頁在此省略
### LINE 發票管家 - Line Invoice

  - [Link](https://invoice.line.me/)
  - secret...
  - onlined at: 2022-10
  - still maintaining

### MBM Preregist Website

  - [Link](https://mbm.garena.tw/)
  - Nuxtjs, SSR
  - created at: 2021-05

### FairyTail Website(Offline)

  - [Link](https://ftm.garena.tw/)
  - Nuxtjs, SSR
  - created at: 2020-10

### Toplink Website

  - [Link](https://www.top-link.com.tw/)
  - Vue-Cli
  - created at: 2018-12


## Private Project
詳細專案圖文介紹請[前往這邊瀏覽](/book/project.html)

### Vue3 Matter Mario Bro

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/matter-mario)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/matter-mario)
  - Vue3.x, Matterjs
  - created at: 2022-01

### React Eat Snake Game - 復古小遊戲 貪吃蛇

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/eat-snake)
  - Reactjs, Typescript, Canvas
  - created at: 2023-09
  - For safety reason, only registered user can create online note

### MajuChatGame - Real-Time 2D ChatGame

  - [Link](https://majuchat.maju-web.club/)
  - Reactjs, Typescript, Socket.io
  - created at: 2023-05
  - For safety reason, only registered user can create online note

### React WebRTC Realtime Chatroom

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/meet/)
  - React18, Typescript, Socket.io, Peer.js
  - created at: 2022-06

### MajuMD - Real-Time Markdown Editor

  - [Link](https://majumd.maju-web.club/)
  - Reactjs, Typescript, Prisma, Koa.js, Socket.io
  - created at: 2023-04
  - For safety reason, only registered user can create online note

### MajuBook

  - [Link](https://majubook.maju-web.club/)
  - Nextjs, Typescript, Prisma, Koa.js
  - created at: 2022-10

### MajuPen - Plus

  - [Vue Link](https://pen.maju-web.club/plus?cacheId=default)
  - [React Link](https://pen.maju-web.club/plus?cacheId=react&template=react)
  - Nextjs, Typescript, TailwindCSS, Script Custom Module
  - created at: 2022-10

### MajuPen

  - [Link](https://pen.maju-web.club/local)
  - Reactjs, StyledComponent, @reduxjs/toolkit
  - created at: 2021-8

### Single Page Chatroom

  - [Link](https://maju-chatter.onrender.com/)
  - Nodejs, ExpressJs, Socket.io, Bootstrap4
  - created at: 2019-01
  - Public account:
    - account: public
    - password: 0000
    - fastcode: 0000


## Open Source

### jspdf-html2canvas

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/jspdf-html2canvas)
  - jspdf, html2canvas
  - created at: 2019-11

### script-custom-module

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/script-custom-module)
  - esmodule for using React, Vue, Typescript compiled in browser
  - created at: 2023-04-01

### vuepress-plugin-react

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/vuepress-plugin-react)
  - A Vuepress Plugin for rendering React component in Vuepress markdown on top of Vite Bundler, typed with JsDoc.
  - created at: 2023-11-08

### mockserver-browser-admin

  - [Link](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/mockserver-browser-admin)
  - A SPA UI tool for controlling mockserver expectations with React, TS, TailwindCSS, CodeMirror
  - created at: 2023-09-23

### maju-ui

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/maju-ui)
  - responsive UI class
  - created at: 2022-06

### remockjs

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/remockjs)
  - ajax mock, mock data generator
  - created at: 2021-03

### TailwindCSS EDM Generator

  - [Link](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/edm-generator)
  - Gulp, Pug, SCSS, TailwindCSS, Juice
  - created at: 2023-01

### maju-decorators

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/maju-decorators)
  - js decorators utils
  - created at: 2022-05-11

### node-ftp-cli

  - [Link](https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-ftp-cli)
  - nodejs, ftp
  - created at: 2021-10


## Side Project

### Web Scan Translator

  - [Link](https://nodejs-koa-proxy.onrender.com/scan-translator)
  - Tesseract.js, web stream, React.js
  - created at: 2023-10

### Browser Image Compressor

  - [Link](https://nodejs-koa-proxy.onrender.com/image-compress.html)
  - heic2any, browser-image-compression, jszip, FileSaver, Vue.js
  - created at: 2023-02

### React Matter Clock

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/matter-clock/)
  - React18, Typescript, Matter-js
  - created at: 2022-07

### React Sudoku Game

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/sudoku/)
  - React18, Typescript
  - created at: 2022-07

### React Web3 Storage

  - [Link](https://react-web3-storage.onrender.com/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/react-web3-storage.git)
  - React18, Javascript, Web3 Storage Client API
  - created at: 2022-06

### Fabric Image Composer

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/fabric-image-composer)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/FabricImageComposer.vue)
  - Vue3.x, Javascript, Fabric.js
  - created at: 2022-04

### Vue3 Pokemon Game

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/vue-pokemon-game)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/vue-pokemon-game)
  - Vue3.x, Javascript, Tiled Map Editor
  - created at: 2022-03

### Vue3 Angry Bird

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/angry-bird)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/AngryBird.vue)
  - Vue3.x, Matterjs
  - created at: 2021-11

### Vue3 Game - 2048

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/vue-2048/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/vue-2048/blob/master/src/components/Vue2048.vue)
  - Vue3.x, scss
  - created at: 2021-09

### Bounce Ball

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/bounce-ball)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/BounceBall.vue)
  - Vue3.x, P5js, Canvas
  - created at: 2021-03

### Shooting Virus

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/p5-game/#/shoot-virus)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/p5-game/blob/master/src/views/ShootVirus.vue)
  - Vue3.x, P5js, Canvas
  - created at: 2021-03

### Painting Board

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/paint-board/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/paint-board/blob/master/src/components/PaintBoard.vue)
  - Vue3.x, Canvas
  - created at: 2020-10

### Crush Puzzle

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/crush-puzzle/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/crush-puzzle/blob/master/src/components/CrushPuzzle.vue)
  - Vue2.x
  - created at: 2020-08

### Slide Puzzle

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/slide-puzzle/)
  - [Source Code](https://github.com/johnnywang1994/vue-slide-puzzle/blob/master/src/components/SlidePuzzle.vue)
  - Vue2.x
  - created at: 2020-08

### Taiwan Stock Tool

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/rate/#/stock)
  - Vue2.x, Nodejs, ExpressJs, Bootstrap4
  - created at: 2019-01

### Taiwan Rate 匯率

  - [Link](https://maju-express.onrender.com/rate/#/rate)
  - Vue2.x, Nodejs, ExpressJs, Bootstrap4
  - created at: 2019-01

### QRCode Reader

  - [Link](https://johnnywang1994.github.io/qrcode-reader/)
  - Vue2.x, Instascan
  - created at: 2018-12

<Article-RedPill />
